An Amazing Line of Incarnations Mañjuśrīmitra and the Dharma king Trisong, those treasures of knowledge, United the wisdom of all the victorious ones. I pray to you, who appeared as the many manifestations Of their body, speech, mind, qualities, and activity. Vimala, who has obtained the deathless rainbow body, Jetsun Dragpa, Rechung Dorje Drak, Vanaratna, and Tsöndru Zangpo, I pray to your amazing line of incarnations. As the omniscient Dharma king Longchenpa, Khyentse Wangchuk, the one called Namkha, and so on, Through the play of a magical net suitable to the needs of beings, You spread the teachings without partiality-I pray to you. Now born into the noble family of the learned and accomplished, Your wisdom is limitless, and you have perfected renunciation and bodhicitta. Your morality is pure, and your listening, reflection, and cultivation are complete. I pray to you, praised as supreme in every way. The lama, the highest deity, accepted you, And the threefold wheel of your enlightened activity is astonishing. Khyentse Wangpo, you are Mañjughoṣa in person; As I recall your life, I pray to you from the depth of my heart. Your three secrets rest in the indestructible vajra teachings. You unceasingly spin the vast and profound wheel of Dharma. Your noble work for beings' benefit and happiness reaching the ends of space, Please increase the good fortune of the doctrine and beings! When you, protector, at the foot of the bodhi tree, Display the attainment of complete awakening, Even though we have been born since the beginning in saṃsāra, May everything be auspicious for the two benefits to be naturally accomplished! With this weak memory of mine, I forget even most of the activities I have performed in this life, and so there is not much hope for me to recall my past lives, hidden from sight. Nevertheless, by relying on the scriptures of profound treasures, and by following the statements of realized beings, in accordance with the earnest request that was made by the spiritual friend Lama Kunga Gyatso, I, Jamyang Khyentse Wangpo, who is free from activity, composed this out of pure intentions. May it bring benefit! Maṅgalam! Virtue! 
